fix(typo): More FW fixes (#10198)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/free worlds 3 reconciliation.txt

	to offer
		has "FW Pug 1: done"
	passengers 1
	blocked `As you are landing, Alondo contacts you and asks, "Do you have a bunk free for me?" You do not, so you will need to free one up in order to continue this mission.`
	on fail

> 		dialog `You have failed an essential Free Worlds mission. If you want to complete the storyline, revert to the autosave or another earlier snapshot of the game.`

Reviewer: The only place in the game where "storyline" appears as one word is one person ship hail.
And, every other time this dialog is given, it says "story line".
```suggestion
		dialog `You have failed an essential Free Worlds mission. If you want to complete the story line, revert to the autosave or another earlier snapshot of the game.`
```

			`	"Very well," you say, "I accept. But I'm afraid of what will happen when we reach Syndicate space."`
			
			label yes

> 			`	Parliament thanks you for your willingness to serve, and you and Alondo hurry back to your ship. "There's no telling how long the link will remain open," he says. "So; we must hurry to the Syndicate headquarters on <planet> immediately."`

Author: I know. I had originally wanted to use a space there but it sounded like Amazinite wanted to use a semicolon.

		set "free worlds reconciliation"
		conversation
			`On Earth, you return to something of a hero's welcome, far different from the first time you were here on a diplomatic mission. A crowd of locals gathers in the spaceport to watch your ship land. With the Free Worlds having been instrumental in defeating the aliens, and absolved of any guilt in the terrorist attacks, it seems that most people here are ready to see you as a hero rather than a criminal.`
			`	Your meeting with Parliament is long and grueling, as they press you and Freya for every detail you can give them about the enigmatic Pug and their apparent motivation in invading human space. The questions about the Syndicate are equally hard to answer. But at the end of the session, one of the members of Parliament informs you that they have authorized an official commendation for you, along with a reward of five million credits "to cover any of your expenses from fighting the aliens."`

> 			`	As you walk out, you find Alondo, JJ, and Katya sitting in the courtyard of Parliament. When they spot you walking towards them, JJ waves and says, "<first> and Freya! Am I glad to see the two of you still in one piece! What brings you to Earth?"`

Reviewer 2: I think you're looking too deep into this line. It just literally means that they're in Parliament's courtyard. IMO this line was fine before the change.

> 			`	Your meeting with Parliament is long and grueling, as they press you and Freya for every detail you can give them about the enigmatic Pug and their apparent motivation in invading human space. The questions about the Syndicate are equally hard to answer. But at the end of the session, one of the members of Parliament informs you that they have authorized an official commendation for you, along with a reward of five million credits, "to cover any of your expenses from fighting the aliens."`

Reviewer 3: I think this might have technically been fine before as well.

Reviewer 2: I think it sounds better without the comma.
